Possible Interview questions
==================================
1. what is SDLC?
    SDLC stands for Software Development LifeCycle.
        SDLC is a kind of methodology of how to build a software.

        What is a software/ application?
            Software is a set of instructions, data or programs
            used to operate computers and execute specific tasks.

2. What software methodology you implement in your team? (Agile)
    In my team, we implemented Agile-Scrum methodology.
    (or ==> I have been working in Agile-Scrum environment)

3. What is a user story?
    Short, simple descriptions of a feature told from the customer.

4. What is an Epic?
    Epic is a large user story. There’s no specific limit threshold
    at which we call a particular story an epic. It just
    means “big user story.”

5. What is Acceptance Criteria (AC) ?
    Details of user stories.
    Criteria for good Acceptance Criteria—>MARS
                                                Measurable
                                                Attainable
                                                Relevant (should related to User story)
                                                Specific

6. What is product backlog?
    Product backlog is where we store the source for things that a team works on.
    (a place that all the user stories are stored )

7. What is your team size?
    My team size is 13 and in my team we have 1 PO, 1 SM, 1 BA, 6 DEVELOPERS, 4 TESTERS.

8. What agile meetings you attend?
            - Grooming meeting
            - Sprint Planning meeting
            - Daily stand up meeting
            - Demo (Demonstrate) meeting / Sprint review meeting
            - Retro (Retrospective) meeting

     8.1 What do you do in grooming meeting?
            Estimate user stories for upcoming sprint (give points)
            (PO Prioritize user stories before the meeting)

     8.2 How do you give point? what is Fibonacci ?
            !!!!!

     8.3 What do you do in sprint planning meeting?
            We do plan for upcoming sprint only.
            How much points we can finish in this sprint.
                Scrum Master ask you question to calculate Velocity : Any one has any planned day off?
            We pick user stories from product backlog to sprint backlog

     8.4 What is sprint backlog ?
            Sprint backlog is a place that only one sprint's user stories are stored.

     8.5 What is team capacity and velocity?
            Team capacity : total days one team has to work.
            Velocity : total user story points one team can finish in a sprint.

     8.6 Who starts the sprint?
            SM starts the sprint by just clicking a button on jira.

     8.7 What do you do in daily stand up meeting?
            Briefly, we answer these three questions.
            1- What did I do yesterday or last business day?
            2- What am I going to do today?
            3- Is there any impediment ? Blocker ? Problem?

     8.8 What do you do in Demo (sprint review) meeting?
            1- Developers and testers demonstrate their work that they done
               during the sprint to the team, PO and client.
            2- Po accepts or rejects their works

     8.9 Who accepts user stories?
            PO accepts user stories

     8.10 Who ends the sprint?
            SM ends the sprint

     8.11 What to do with incomplete ticket(story, bug) ?
            PO move them to upcoming Sprint

     8.12 What do you do in retro meeting?
            Briefly, we discuss these three topics about last sprint.
            1- What went well?
            2- What was not going well?
            3- How can we improve?

9.  What is dynamic testing?
     Testing code & software / application called- Dynamic Testing

10. What is static testing?
     Testing documents is called- Static Testing

11. What is functional testing?
     To test the functionality of the app

12. What is unit testing and who does that? it runs in which environment?
     Unit Tests isolate a section of code and verify its correctness.
     Developers do unit testing in development-enviroment

13. What is integration testing and who does that? it runs in which environment?
     Defined as a type of testing where software modules are tested as a group.
     Developers do integration testing in development-enviroment

14. What is smoke test? it runs in which environment?
            The purpose is to check if the critical functionalities of the application up and running.
            Determines whether the application is stable or not.
            Testers do smoke testing in qa / test environment.
            Jenkins take our code to QA/TEST environment to run it.
            DevOps team config the Jenkins tool .

    14.1 How long does your smoke test take to run?
            Around 15~20 minutes

    14.2 How often do you run your smoke test?
            Every day morning before start to work

    14.3 How do you see the smoke test result?
            Everyday : Jenkins app go to Github run your codes
            and send email to you to provide pass/fail report.

    14.4 How many scenarios does your smoke test have?
            scenarios: 20-70

15.  What is regression test? it runs in which environment?
            Verifies that software previously developed modules are still working with the new added module.
            Make sure that a product still functions after code changes or updates.
            Testers do regression testing in qa / test environment.

    15.1 How long does your regression test take to run?
         (you can answer this after selenium Grid class)
            It might take several hours.
            100 scenarioes --> 30-40 m

    15.2 How often do you run your regression test?
            1. Before release.
                   1. every fixed time. EX: every 3 months, 6 months
                        how long does it take?
                            - teams spend a sprint , or just a week to perfom regression.
                            - last sprint/last week before the release
                            - all the codes on github will run by jenkins
                            - there are always some user stories that we did not write code.
                              so these stories functions are tested manually. It might take several days.

                   2. whenever a module/feture is ready.

            2. last day of each sprint + before release.
                   Regression in last day of a sprint: we only run the codes.
                   All old function's code with whatever we done in this sprint.

16. What is user acceptance testing(UAT)?
            The application is tested for acceptability & validates the end to end business flow
            After UAT, the application will be released to production
            There should be specific environment for UAT.

    16.1 What is Alpha testing?
            Test automation engineers(UAT team members) test the
            software to make sure it meets the requirement by testing
            end - to - end scenarios.

    16.2 What is Beta testing?
            Actual software user/End-user/Client test the software to make
            sure it can handle tasks in real-world scenarios.

17. Tell me about yourself